Scheduler: write description for the Virtual Scrolling demo (#200)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/Scheduler/VirtualScrolling/description.md

> Virtual scrolling helps increase the **Scheduler**'s performance on large datasets. In this mode, the widget renders only visible appointments. When an appointment leaves the viewport, the **Scheduler** removes it from the DOM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a **Scheduler** is bound to a large data set, enable Virtual Scrolling to optimize the widget's performance, In this mode, the widget renders only visible appointments. When an appointment leaves the viewport, the **Scheduler** removes it from the DOM.
```

> If a **Scheduler** is bound to a large data set, enable Virtual Scrolling to optimize the widget's performance. In this mode, the widget renders only visible appointments. When an appointment leaves the viewport, the **Scheduler** removes it from the DOM.

Reviewer 2: We don't usually capitalize feature names.

```suggestion
If a **Scheduler** is bound to a large data set, enable virtual scrolling to optimize the widget's performance. In this mode, the widget renders only visible appointments. When an appointment leaves the viewport, the **Scheduler** removes it from the DOM.
```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If a **Scheduler** is bound to a large data set, enable virtual vcrolling to optimize widget performance. In this mode, the widget renders only visible appointments. When an appointment leaves the viewport, the **Scheduler** removes it from the DOM.
```

> To enable the virtual scrolling mode, set the [scrolling](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxScheduler/Configuration/scrolling).[mode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxScheduler/Configuration/scrolling/#mode) option to *"virtual"* as done in this demo.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To enable virtual scrolling mode, set the [scrolling](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxScheduler/Configuration/scrolling).[mode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxScheduler/Configuration/scrolling/#mode) option to *"virtual"* as it is shown in this demo.
```

> Virtual scrolling is supported by the following [views](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxScheduler/Configuration/views/): *"day"*, *"week"*, and *"workWeek"*.

Reviewer 3: workWeek - is that a typo?

Author: No, it is a view: https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/Guide/Widgets/Scheduler/Views/View_Types/#Week_and_WorkWeek_Views
